Create ui-c8y-1021-22-103-only-show-delete-button-in-retention-rules-if-user-has-the.md (#3519)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-22-103-only-show-delete-button-in-retention-rules-if-user-has-the.md

---
date: ""

> title: Show delete button in retention rules only for users with ADMIN permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Delete button for retention rules only shown for users with ADMIN permission
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64008
version: 1021.22.103
---

> Co-authored-by: Tristan Bastian <tristan.bastian@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Administration application, the delete button for retention rules was previously shown for all users regardless of their permissions. With this change, the delete button is now only displayed for users who have the ADMIN permission. This ensures that only authorized users can delete retention rules, providing better control and security over data retention management in Cumulocity IoT.
```

> In the Administration application, the delete button for retention rules was previously shown for all users regardless of their permissions. With this change, the delete button is now only displayed for users who have the ADMIN permission. This ensures that only authorized users can delete retention rules, providing better control and security over data retention management in Cumulocity IoT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Administration application, the delete button for retention rules was previously shown for all users regardless of their permissions. With this change, the delete button is now only displayed for users who have ADMIN permission. This ensures that only authorized users can delete retention rules, providing better control and security over data retention management in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```
